= timebomb

If you're like me, you've found yourself with a cucumber
step definition like this:

  Given /^I recieved an invitation$/ do
    ...
  end

And you want to write a step definition like this:

  Given /^I recieved an invitation 2 days ago$/ do
    ...
  end

Well, timebomb to the rescue. It lets you append
time constraints to your cucumber step defintions by
mixing and matching:

- seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, years
- ago, from now

So with the following step definition:

  Given /^I recieved an invitation$/ do
    ...
  end

I can write any of the following:

  Given I received an invitation 1 day from now
  Given I received an invitation 2 weeks ago
  Given I received an invitation 3 months from now
  Given I received an invitation 15 years ago

Timebomb to the rescue, BOOM!

== Installing

Make sure you have gemcutter as your default source:

  sudo gem install gemcutter
  gem tumble

First install Timebomb

  sudo gem install timebomb

Now, just require it in your cucumber env.rb file. 
BOOM goes the dynamite.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Drew Olson. See LICENSE for details.
